Update README.md (#1683)
paritytech/cumulus: README.md

[Polkadot](https://wiki.polkadot.network/en/)
[parachains](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/en/learn-parachains). Refer to the included
[overview](docs/overview.md) for architectural details, and the

> [Connect to other chains tutorials](https://docs.substrate.io/tutorials/connect-other-chains/) for a

Reviewer: that link 404s for me?

Author: Just changed https://docs.substrate.io/tutorials/connect-relay-and-parachains/

Author: ```suggestion
[Connect to relay and  parachain tutorials](https://docs.substrate.io/tutorials/connect-relay-and-parachains/) for a
```

Author: @lisa-parity could we put in a redirect for changes like this as I am sure the previous URL is used many places external to the docs too now.

Reviewer 2: yeah, that makes sense.
